DKP-240: Add release notes for 4.10.1 (#15055)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/release-notes.md

> [Mac with Intel chip](https://desktop.docker.com/mac/main/amd64/Docker.dmg?utm_source=docker&utm_medium=webreferral&utm_campaign=docs-driven-download-mac-amd64){: .button .primary-btn }
> [Mac with Apple chip](https://desktop.docker.com/mac/main/arm64/Docker.dmg?utm_source=docker&utm_medium=webreferral&utm_campaign=docs-driven-download-mac-arm64){: .button .primary-btn }
> [DEB](https://desktop.docker.com/linux/main/amd64/docker-desktop-4.10.1-amd64.deb?utm_source=docker&utm_medium=webreferral&utm_campaign=docs-driven-download-linux-amd64){: .button .primary-btn }
> [RPM](https://desktop.docker.com/linux/main/amd64/docker-desktop-4.10.1-x86_64.rpm?utm_source=docker&utm_medium=webreferral&utm_campaign=docs-driven-download-linux-amd64){: .button .primary-btn }
> [Arch (experimental)](https://desktop.docker.com/linux/main/amd64/docker-desktop-4.10.1-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst?utm_source=docker&utm_medium=webreferral&utm_campaign=docs-driven-download-linux-amd64){: .button .primary-btn }

### Bug fixes and minor changes

#### For Windows

> - Fixed a bug where doing actions in the UI with Compose apps that were created from a WSL distro. Fixes [docker/for-win#12806](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/12806).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where actions in the UI failed with Compose apps that were created from WSL. Fixes [docker/for-win#12806](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/12806).
```
I wrote the original text, here's a better try :-)
